you avoid crowds of people try to go
unseen
every night you stay in different places
you see your face on posters all over
the city
you're everywhere and they're after you
no you're not some wanted fugitive
you're
loved by every person on the planet
[Music]
six months earlier you live what you
consider
a boring life you were always that
person
standing alone in the corner at a party
too shy to strike up a conversation with
a crush
but desperately in need of that special
someone to call your soul mate
one night you're scrolling through the
socials when you notice a strange ad
a scientist has created powerful
pheromones that attract people
the researcher is looking for volunteers
to test this love potion out
you sign up immediately the next day you
arrive at the laboratory and meet the
young chemist
he hands you a test sample and you spray
this liquid on yourself
you don't feel any different but then
you look at the scientist
his pupils dilate right before your eyes
his cheeks blush
he looks down at his feet shyly um
sir sorry it's just that wow
you're the most beautiful person i've
ever seen
whoa you're speechless but just as soon
as it kicked in
the effect disappears the test is done
he thanks you for your participation and
sends you home
you lie in bed that night unable to fall
asleep
those pheromone thingies are just what
you need to find your soulmate
you must have more so you decide to take
matters into your own hands
you break into the lab that night of
course the security guard notices you
right off the bat
stop he shouts you run as fast as you
can
you turn a corner sneak into a room and
crash
you run right into a shelf in the dark
hundreds of test tubes full of different
colored liquids spilled all over you
you run out terrified by the noise and
the mess you've made
that's when the guard rounds the corner
there you are you're in big truck
oh i'm sorry that same look suddenly
blankets his face
dilated pupils blushed cheeks didn't
mean to scare you
please just go about your business he
says shyly with an enamored grin
you're relieved but extremely confused
those vials must have been full of the
potion
you cautiously walk around him and
beeline toward the exit
you know the effect will wear off
shortly and you don't want to be here
when that happens
you get home late that night and sleep
in most of the following day
when you get up and head out for your
typical saturday walk
you notice something unusual
everybody's in a really good mood today
people smile at you as you walk by they
open doors for you
when you're standing in line at the cafe
the person behind you offers to pay for
your coffee
you politely decline but then even the
cashier insists it's on the house today
before you know it everyone in the cafe
is looking at you
that's when you recall last night the
potion
it's still working and it's working on
everyone who sets eyes on you
you're too weirded out and leave there
as fast as you can
that's when you bump into your friend
outside you study her for a bit
is she going to fall in love with you
she seems to be her usual self
she's happy to see you you chat for a
bit and she invites you to a party
tonight
oh this will be interesting no more
standing awkwardly in the corner talking
to the host's pet
sure count me in you say with a grin
at the party you become the center of
attention
everyone there wants to chat with you
they ask for your number in social media
invite you to other parties it's kind of
hard to get used to all the attention
but your ego soon starts soaking it up
like a sponge
you tell a story and people listen to
you admiringly and record a video on
their phone
they laugh at all your jokes even the
cringy ones
and stare at you with love in their eyes
the party draws to an end
you start to head home but your new fans
don't want you to leave
at first they politely ask you to stay
but when you kindly refuse
they grab you and beg you not to go
anywhere
you manage to escape the crowd and run
home
you approach your house and notice the
words i love you
painted on your driveway this is getting
a little out of control
in the morning you're woken up by
endless notifications on your phone
you look at the screen and are amazed
that video of you telling stories and
jokes
has gained millions of views your
follower numbers just keep going up
thousands of messages come in every
second they keep confessing their love
and trying to set up a date with you
before you know it
you see your face in the news they've
declared you the most beautiful person
on the planet
journalists photographers and hundreds
of strangers shout your name in the
streets
you're thoroughly weirded out by now and
head outside to talk some sense
into the masses bad choice you're
immediately surrounded by the crowd
everyone is reaching out to you pointing
microphones and cameras in your face
some try to hug you you slip from their
grasp
and run away you head straight for the
lab and ask the scientist to give you an
antidote
but that same love smitten look is
covering his face too
he reaches his arms out to hug you you
book it out of there
people from all over the world try to
move to your city
your faces and tv commercials they
plastered posters and billboards of you
all over town
you're on cereal boxes and even toilet
paper they build statues of you
sell your personal items at auctions and
pay six figures for your toothbrush
your friends and acquaintances are
interviewed in documentaries where they
talk about what a wonderful person you
are
people from all over the globe are
learning your language
world leaders speak to the press and
invite you to visit their countries
at first you hide in your parents house
they're not affected by this potion
because their familial love for you has
always been there
but soon enough the masses find your
folks place too
that's when your life on the run started
and it only got worse from there
you wear a mask and hood during the day
and stay in a different hotel each night
you try to hire security guards but
they're just in love with you
you consider plastic surgery to change
your face beyond recognition
enamored doctors refuse to ruin
something so precious
and you live your life like a lone wolf
in the shadows
you miss your former stability privacy
even your mundane boring life
you understand now how actors and
musicians feel
oh yeah they're all your biggest fans
too
when you see all these enamored faces
you realize something
they're not happy in fact unrequited
love
has to be one of the worst feelings in
the world
you're not the only one having a hard
time right now
and that's when you have a stroke of
genius you open your phone's camera and
push record
listen all my dear uh fans this love
that you're feeling for me
is fake i made a terrible mistake and
covered myself in a love potion
you're all under its spell you're not
you anymore and we have to end this
please any scientist watching help me
get an antidote
you post it to your social media of
course billions of views
likes and shares follow but then to your
surprise
scientists from all over the world start
teaming up to create this antidote
sure they're just doing it because their
great love told them to
but still good news within a week
you come to the lab for this spell
breaking potion
you spray it all over yourself when the
first vial runs out
you ask for a second third fourth all
they've got
you only know you've had enough when on
the 12th bile
the scientists start to wake up from
their enamored haze
they're not in love with you anymore and
not long after that
neither are the seven point something
billion members of the human race
you go back to your usual life and
you've never been happier